well I was checking out my Twitter Don
to say goodbye that's when I checked all
my men she saw a new red light it was
that sexy bar say you're pretty cute I
think the way to attention that's when I
knew the name was so sweet hot you're 19
she had some pretty nice twins if you
know what I mean so I replied hey what's
up you're not too bad yourself sweetie I
almost penis
hilarious we
do you make it Oh
cause a bucket out of characters to say
yes
baby people to see
so I thought her baby she bothered me
and
intertwine with each and every tweet I
couldn't wait to meet her but I did not
- all the Twitpic she sent me kept me
occupied
teach me and I won't treat you wrong and
if the film will comes out refers to
it's gone me and I'm not a Twitter pimp
but I'm feeling good I asked her if she
meet me and she said she would
do you make it Oh
cousin but it out of
to say that son my
baby people to see
will not
so I messenger with one final treat he
said the time and dates of the place
that we meet and I couldn't believe it
when I looked in her eyes and my little
love was really a guy what up biatch